a fun way to practice skills is with our
new build a skill instant books
repetition is one of the most basic
learning techniques short-term memory
can only hold so much the students need
to be exposed information repeatedly
over a period of time using a variety of
activities help students integrate the
information and make better sense which
in the end helps them remember with
building skills books repetition and
practice is fun each book features a
variety of set of childs created books
let me show you the different kinds that
there are this is a strip book this is a
read and write this is an accordion
books and this is a word wallet this is
probably the kids favorite it gets full
the wallet and they can take it home
simple construction but it's a way of
repeating the skills in a fun way child
you can come back and colors to pick the
pictures that are on there and your book
is published each individual child will
have his own foot box and small many
books would go in there at any time they
could call the book out and they could
read it with a friend or just use it for
individual practice
in addition to repetition incorporating
other senses like the hands-on element
for kinesthetic learners and the rhymes
that are repeated in the little books
for auditory learners helps the kids
remember
repetition and practice is fun it's the
difference between learning and
forgetting and learning and remembering